guys this is gonna be a review video for
a 2004 Yamaha brewing 350 this is not
Alex or Brendon talking as you see in
most of the other videos their new
partner Braden I'm the guy with the sled
and the GoPro which is what I'm filming
less right now so yeah it started just
go anyway I got my shoes here so Oh ten
minutes ago I got a little stuck as so
and I tried to take my shoes off so they
didn't get dirty but I took them off a
bit late found this in baby
yeah 2004 it's not really not as
luxurious or powerful as the new quads
now it's basically just for trailing and
drifting along the highway in the ditch
doesn't have Gears so you know there's
no no gear button on here so any of you
guys are familiar on how a snowmobile
works it is almost exactly the same
thing you have two clutches there's one
two and then a belt the S RPMs get
higher the belt gets kind of stretch
longer as it would be and then you go
faster this doesn't really have the
transmission it doesn't really have the
power on low low speeds it's like
getting out of the hole I was in earlier
it bogged out whenever I gave a gasp and
tried to climb out of the hole so no
this is what this I've got a winch 54
cable on that winch I don't know the
color of it exclusive oh this is
exclusive stuff
all it does have one of those things
that would have been so handy to know
two years ago Wow
yeah this does I get my camera dirty
turn this and then the winch is free oh
I lied
that's not what I thought it was two
thousand five hundred pound uh capacity
six gauge wiring why is this not working
okay I'll figure that figure out that
after um two headlights you know riding
at night need those for neutral reverse
should I get some of the mud off there
uh yeah it doesn't have gears so if you
want to climb a hill with the load
doesn't really climb the hill too well
reverse just kind of like you go
backwards instead of forward pull start
in case the battery dies I only use that
two times because I want it to a
electric start button
clutch not clutch choke kill switch low
beam high beam off you know key you see
lights come on move it up turn them on
there there
winch there's the winch four-wheel drive
two-wheel drive I was in four-wheel
drive and I got stuck so but maybe I'd
better tires or something like that then
probably wouldn't I've got stuck to me
these tires are going good for trails
and loose gravel kind of thing they're
not they don't grab that much mud then
you sink easy got a hitch for pulling
not like let snowmobile trailers can't
really pull that with this doesn't have
the power I always pull like grass like
we have a small trailer we use grass to
haul it absol mufflers keep things quiet
makes you buy it it's getting we let
things loud around here
great so top of this this will leave her
here
it's from break so if you want to figure
neutral and you want to go into reverse
you step on that change the gears and
then your good seat was added when we
bought it about two thousand seven or
eight and so it's not doesn't come like
Dartmouth after II uh overall it's a
pretty decent quad you know it looks
nice when it's clean and she looks
pretty nice right now actually shouldn't
say that one this nice and clean and
sparkly then it looks pretty good um
it's not like there's new can-am so you
see nowadays I'm a mum BRP person so I
tend to stay away from players and stuff
like that well I'll stay away but I
don't like them as much so yeah it's
good you guys this is my first review
video so you guys liked it please give
some feedback give some feedback I want
I could do differently next time I'll
probably do one on my sled just winter
upcoming winter just didn't really have
time and didn't know how to do a review
this winter so
yeah I'll get one of those up shortly
not sure this winter I can't think right
now
but I want to fall but you can like
change the suspension height you click
it turn it and then change the stiffness
and stuff like that I really going to
wash this thing so yeah I'll just start
with a gopro hero4 black edition
it's quite the little camera so if
you're willing to spend extra 100 bucks
I highly recommend it that's for the
quad if you want to spend an extra two
thousand bucks I highly recommend it so
yeah hope you liked it subscribe comment
if it's a comment if you think I did a
bad job honestly you don't really care
if I did a bad job I'll do better next
time I promise
ah
Oh